<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>

<p>Last updated: March 13, 2020</p>

<p>
  This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection,
  use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You
  about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
</p>

<p>
  We do not use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service (Extension). This Privacy Policy is maintained by the
  <a href="https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/"
    >Free Privacy Policy Generator</a
  >.
</p>

<h1>Interpretation and Definitions</h1>
<h2>Interpretation</h2>
<p>
  The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined
  under the following conditions.
</p>
<p>
  The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether
  they appear in singular or in plural.
</p>

<h2>Definitions</h2>
<p>For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <p>
      <strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the Service,
      or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual
      is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
    </p>
  </li>
  <li>
    <p>
      <strong>Company</strong> (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us"
      or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Easy Cookie Editor.
    </p>
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Affiliate</strong> means an entity that controls, is controlled by
    or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of
    50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to
    vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Account</strong> means a unique account created for You to access
    our Service or parts of our Service.
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Website</strong> refers to Easy Cookie Editor, accessible from
    https://github.com/RadovanPelka/Easy-Cookie-Editor
  </li>
  <li><strong>Service</strong> refers to the Website.</li>
  <li><strong>Country</strong> refers to: Czech Republic</li>
  <li>
    <p>
      <strong>Service Provider</strong> means any natural or legal person who
      processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party
      companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the
      Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform
      services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how
      the Service is used.
    </p>
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Third-party Social Media Service</strong> refers to any website or
    any social network website through which a User can log in or create an
    account to use the Service.
  </li>
  <li>
    <p>
      <strong>Personal Data</strong> is any information that relates to an
      identified or identifiable individual.
    </p>
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Cookies</strong> are small files that are placed on Your computer,
    mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of
    Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically, either
    generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure
    itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
  </li>
</ul>

<h1>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h1>
<h2>Types of Data Collected</h2>

<h3>Personal Data</h3>
<p>
  While using Our Service (Extension), We do not ask You to provide Us any personal data,
  identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.
</p>
<ul>
  <li>Usage Data</li>
</ul>

<h3>Usage Data</h3>
<p>Usage Data is not collected (NEVER) automatically/manually when using the Service. All web api requests are blocked</p>
<p>
  We do not also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our
  Service (Extension) or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
</p>

<h3>Tracking Technologies and Cookies</h3>
<p>
  We do not use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our
  Service and store certain information.
</p>

<h2>Use of Your Personal Data</h2>
<p>The Service (Extension) do not use your Personal Data</p>

<h1>Children's Privacy</h1>
<p>
  Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly
  collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
</p>

<h1>Links to Other Websites</h1>
<p>
  Our Service (Extension) does not contain links to other websites.
</p>

<h1>Changes to this Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>
  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We can't notify You because we do not collect any data about You
</p>

<h1>Contact Us</h1>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:</p>
<ul>
  <li>By email: pelka.radovan@gmail.com</li>
  <li>
    By visiting this page on our website:
    https://github.com/RadovanPelka/Easy-Cookie-Editor
  </li>
</ul>
